5024 doc/update kubeapps on tce tutorial (#5307)
vmware-tanzu/kubeapps: site/content/docs/latest/tutorials/kubeapps-on-tce/02-TCE-unmanaged-cluster.md

# Step 2A: Deploy a VMware Tanzu™ Community Edition unmanaged cluster

> In this step of the tutorial, the outcome is to install an [unmanaged TCE cluster](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/v0.12/planning/#unmanaged-cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, the goal is to install an [unmanaged TCE cluster](https://tanzucommunityedition.io/docs/v0.12/planning/#unmanaged-cluster).
```
